.\" Manpage for mino.
.\" Contact mohammed_isam1984@yahoo.com for feedback/corrections.
.TH mino 1 "JULY 2024" "2.1" "mino man page"
.SH NAME
Mino \- a user friendly text editor for GNU/Linux console/graphical terminals
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mino [file-name] [--help, -h] [--reset-config]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Mino is a GNU software, part of the GnuDOS package.
Mino is a text file editor for use with the GNU/Linux console/graphical 
terminals. The idea is to provide a text editor that is user friendly and 
easy to use for those who came from a DOS background. Having accustomed 
to SHIFT selecting text, using CTRL-shortcut keys and so on makes it hard 
for a regular Joe to dive in head-first into GNU syntax.
.br
Mino provides a multi-level experience, the level of complexity can be 
adjusted by the user: you want to use DOS-keys with a few basic GNU ones? 
you want to go with the full power of the GNU system? All are options that 
are provided by the six levels of experience of Mino:

  1- Newbie: All DOS shortcut keys, no GNU keys yet
  2- Novice: DOS shortcut keys, some of which are replaced with GNU's
  3- Intermediate: DOS keys with a few more replaced with GNU keys
  4- ِAdvanced: ... And more GNU keys in
  5- ِExpert: Very few DOS keys, most are GNU keys
  6- ِVeteran: Only GNU keys, no DOS-like keys
  
You start with level 1 by default.
To set your level, call mino with the '--levelX' or '-lX' option.

Which keys are defined for which level?
.br
=======================================
.br
There is a table showing the DOS-like key combinations, along with their 
respective GNU key bindings, in the README file installed with this package.
To read more about the levels of experience and the keybindings, please refer 
to the README file, accessible from the Help menu in mino.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP --reset-config
To reset the configuration file
.IP "--help, -h"
Print command line help, including short instructions on the command line 
options, without starting the program
.IP "--version, -v"
Show program version
.IP "--levelX, -lX"
Set the level of experience, where X is a number in the range 1 to 6
.IP file-name
If you want to load a file into mino on program startup
.SH FILES
.I ~/.mino.conf
The default file used to store mino's configuration. It can be edited 
manually, but this is not advisable. Use mino Options menu to change your 
preferences
.SH TODO
- Add mouse support
.br
- Add printing functionality
.br
- Add more syntax highlighting options
.SH SEE ALSO
info mino, info gnudos
.SH AUTHOR
Mohammed Isam <mohammed_isam1984@yahoo.com>
