.\" Manpage for Prime.
.\" Contact mohammed_isam1984@yahoo.com for feedback/corrections.
.TH Prime 1 "JULY 2024" "2.1" "Prime man page"
.SH NAME
Prime \- a file manager for GNU/Linux console/graphical terminals
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Prime [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Prime is a GNU software, part of the GnuDOS package.
Prime is a file manager which works under the GNU/Linux console/graphical 
terminals. It was influenced by other file managers (like the well known 
XTree Gold, which was popular under MS-DOS). It provides a user friendly 
interface with menus, shortcuts, and key navigation. It is distributed as 
part of the GnuDOS package, which was developed to help users coming from 
DOS-like environments feel ease when dealing with the GNU system.
.br
Prime provides a multi-level experience, the level of complexity can be adjusted
by the user: you want to use DOS-keys with a few basic GNU ones? you want to 
go with the full power of the GNU system? All are options that are provided by
the six levels of experience of Prime:

  1- Newbie: All DOS shortcut keys, no GNU keys yet
  2- Novice: DOS shortcut keys, some of which are replaced with GNU's
  3- Intermediate: DOS keys with a few more replaced with GNU keys
  4- ِAdvanced: ... And more GNU keys in
  5- ِExpert: Very few DOS keys, most are GNU keys
  6- ِVeteran: Only GNU keys, no DOS-like keys
  
You start with level 1 by default.
To set your level, call prime with the '--levelX' or '-lX' option.

Which keys are defined for which level?
.br
=======================================
.br
There is a table showing the DOS-like key combinations along with their 
respective GNU key bindings in the README file installed with this package.
To read more about the levels of experience and the keybindings, please refer 
to the README file under prime's help menu.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--export, -e dirname filename"
Export the directory tree of 'dirname' into the text file named 'filename' without 
starting the file manager

.IP "--level X, -l X"
The GNU DOS experience level to be used. Can be 1-6, defaults to 1. See the above
text for details

.IP "--reset-config, -r"
Reset the configuration file to its defaults

.IP "--help, -h"
Print command line help, including short instructions on the command line 
options, without starting the program

.IP "--version, -v"
Show program version

.IP dirname
Load the directory tree of 'dirname' into Prime on startup

.SH TODO
- Add mouse support
.br
- Add printing functionality
.SH SEE ALSO
info prime, info gnudos
.SH AUTHOR
Mohammed Isam <mohammed_isam1984@yahoo.com>
